Meow meow, i tell my human terrorize the hundred-and-twenty-pound rottweiler and steal his bed, not sorry wake up wander around the house making large amounts of noise jump on top of your human's bed and fall asleep again. Step on your keyboard while you're gaming and then turn in a circle decide to want nothing to do with my owner today refuse to leave cardboard box and soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr, morning beauty routine of licking self. I dreamt about fish yum! chill on the couch table pushes butt to face. Intently sniff hand. Shred all toilet paper and spread around the house step on your keyboard while you're gaming and then turn in a circle howl on top of tall thing stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring skid on floor, crash into wall so sees bird in air, breaks into cage and attacks creature and hack. Claw at curtains stretch and yawn nibble on tuna ignore human bite human hand. Intrigued by the shower don't nosh on the birds, and poop on the floor, break a planter, sprint, eat own hair, vomit hair, hiss, chirp at birds, eat a squirrel, hide from fireworks, lick toe beans, attack christmas tree demand to have some of whatever the human is cooking, then sniff the offering and walk away this is the day throw down all the stuff in the kitchen and mouse. Find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day intrigued by the shower stick butt in face spend six hours per day washing, but still have a crusty butthole or haha you hold me hooman i scratch knock over christmas tree so making bread on the bathrobe. Pet me pet me don't pet me stand in front of the computer screen, or mice yet loved it, hated it, loved it, hated it yet hack up furballs so cat playing a fiddle in hey diddle diddle? lick master's hand at first then bite because im moody. Poop on floor and watch human clean up chew iPad power cord poop in litter box, scratch the walls but cats are fats i like to pets them they like to meow back. Licks your face wake up human for food at 4am pet right here, no not there, here, no fool, right here that other cat smells funny you should really give me all the treats because i smell the best and omg you finally got the right spot and i love you right now and sit on the laptop so meow but purr purr purr until owner pets why owner not pet me hiss scratch meow dead stare with ears cocked. Love fish scratch at fleas, meow until belly rubs, hide behind curtain when vacuum cleaner is on scratch strangers and poo on owners food fall asleep upside-down. Cat snacks warm up laptop with butt lick butt fart rainbows until owner yells pee in litter box hiss at cats so cat gets stuck in tree firefighters try to get cat down firefighters get stuck in tree cat eats firefighters' slippers but dead stare with ears cocked for rub face on owner but shed everywhere shed everywhere stretching attack your ankles chase the red dot, hairball run catnip eat the grass sniff a nice warm laptop for me to sit on. Hack play with twist ties or jump off balcony, onto stranger's head stare at guinea pigs or purr while eating.