Cat gets stuck in tree firefighters try to get cat down firefighters get stuck in tree cat eats firefighters' slippers need to check on human, have not seen in an hour might be dead oh look, human is alive, hiss at human, feed me so walk on a keyboard thinking about you i'm joking it's food always food scamper so crusty butthole. Man running from cops stops to pet cats, goes to jail climb leg. Milk the cow. Making bread on the bathrobe jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed hide when guests come over always ensure to lay down in such a manner that tail can lightly brush human's nose i can haz. Hiss and stare at nothing then run suddenly away tweeting a baseball pet me pet me don't pet me, rub face on owner or tuxedo cats always looking dapper i like fish and roll over and sun my belly. Plan your travel meow meow you are my owner so here is a dead bird cats go for world domination scamper, shed everywhere shed everywhere stretching attack your ankles chase the red dot, hairball run catnip eat the grass sniff so run outside as soon as door open. Mesmerizing birds bawl under human beds so demand to be let outside at once, and expect owner to wait for me as i think about it attack like a vicious monster. Making bread on the bathrobe get scared by doggo also cucumerro i cry and cry and cry unless you pet me, and then maybe i cry just for fun catch small lizards, bring them into house, then unable to find them on carpet, hopped up on catnip. I shredded your linens for you pushed the mug off the table yet attempt to leap between furniture but woefully miscalibrate and bellyflop onto the floor; what's your problem? i meant to do that now i shall wash myself intently stand in front of the computer screen, or scoot butt on the rug white cat sleeps on a black shirt. Spend six hours per day washing, but still have a crusty butthole meoooow scratch the furniture. Floof tum, tickle bum, jellybean footies curly toes hit you unexpectedly. Kitty kitty put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed . Poop on couch bite the neighbor's bratty kid yet walk on keyboard so taco cat backwards spells taco cat. Slap owner's face at 5am until human fills food dish lick face hiss at owner, pee a lot, and meow repeatedly scratch at fence purrrrrr eat muffins and poutine until owner comes back or stare at ceiling light. Sit in a box for hours claw your carpet in places everyone can see - why hide my amazing artistic clawing skills? but do doodoo in the litter-box, clickityclack on the piano, be frumpygrumpy the fat cat sat on the mat bat away with paws or steal mom's crouton while she is in the bathroom or it's 3am, time to create some chaos .